Dialog: examples and text improvements (#22671)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmldialogelement/index.md

## Examples

> The following example shows a simple button that, when clicked, opens a modal {{htmlelement("dialog")}} containing a form via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.showModal()")}} function. While open, everything other than the dialog contents is inert. From there you can click the _Cancel_ button to close the dialog (via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.close()")}} function), or submit the form via the submit button. Selecting the cancel button closes the dialog, creating a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/close_event", "close")}} event, not a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/cancel_event", "cancel")}} event.

Reviewer: The wording "inert" strike me as odd, but not incorrect. Just a thought:

```suggestion
The following example shows a simple button that, when clicked, opens a modal {{htmlelement("dialog")}} containing a form, created using the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.showModal()")}} function. While the dialog is open nothing else on the page can be changed. You can click the _Cancel_ button to close the dialog (via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.close()")}} function), or submit the form via the submit button. Selecting the cancel button closes the dialog, creating a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/close_event", "close")}} event rather than a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/cancel_event", "cancel")}} event (as you might expect).
```

Reviewer: PS I presume you left this case as a "Cancel" button to better highlight the dissonance. Seems sensible.

Author: exactly

> The following example shows a simple button that, when clicked, opens a modal {{htmlelement("dialog")}} containing a form via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.showModal()")}} function. While open, everything other than the dialog contents is inert. From there you can click the _Cancel_ button to close the dialog (via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.close()")}} function), or submit the form via the submit button. Selecting the cancel button closes the dialog, creating a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/close_event", "close")}} event, not a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/cancel_event", "cancel")}} event.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example shows a simple button that, when clicked, opens a modal {{htmlelement("dialog")}} containing a form via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.showModal()")}} function. While open, everything other than the modal dialog's contents is inert. From there you can click the _Cancel_ button to close the dialog (via the {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement.close()")}} function), or submit the form via the submit button. Selecting the cancel button closes the dialog, creating a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/close_event", "close")}} event, not a {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/cancel_event", "cancel")}} event.
```
